remove enterprise search from default distribution (#16818)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/breaking-changes-90.asciidoc

|=======================================================================

====

[discrete]
[[enterprise_search-deprecated-9.0]]
===== Deprecation Notice: App Search and Workplace Search Plugins

The Enterprise Search product is deprecated and will not be included in the Elastic Stack 9.x release.
As a result, the App Search and Workplace Search plugins are also deprecated. These plugins will only receive security updates and critical bug fixes moving forward.

> For more details, visit: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/app-search-workplace-search.html

Author: @flexitrev Is https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/app-search-workplace-search.html the only page to point user about the product deprecation and transition? The instruction is a bit vague

Author: @karenzone I think the deprecation note is ready for review

|=======================================================================

====

[discrete]
[[enterprise_search-deprecated-9.0]]
===== Deprecate App Search and Workplace Search Plugins

The Enterprise Search product is deprecated and not supported from Elastic Stack 9.x release.
As a result, the App Search and Workplace Search plugins are also deprecated. These plugins will only receive security updates and critical bug fixes moving forward.

> For more details, please visit https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/search-ui/current/tutorials-elasticsearch.html

Author: @karenzone Hope to get your review on deprecation note

> ===== Deprecate App Search and Workplace Search Plugins
> 
> The Enterprise Search product is deprecated and not supported from Elastic Stack 9.x release.
> As a result, the App Search and Workplace Search plugins are also deprecated. These plugins will only receive security updates and critical bug fixes moving forward.
> For more details, please visit https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/search-ui/current/tutorials-elasticsearch.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== App Search and Workplace Search plugins are deprecated

Enterprise Search is deprecated and no longer supported from {stack} 9.0. 
We've also deprecated the {ls} App Search and Workplace Search plugins. 
These plugins will receive only security updates and critical fixes moving forward. 

We recommend using our native {es} tools for your Search use cases.
For more details, please visit https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/search-ui/current/tutorials-elasticsearch.html[Search UI with Elasticsearch].
```

Author: So much better ❤️

|=======================================================================

====

[discrete]
[[enterprise_search-deprecated-9.0]]

> ===== App Search and Workplace Search plugins are deprecated

Author: @karenzone Maybe we should use "removed" instead of "deprecated" to indicate the plugins will not come with Logstash 9
